#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
coloredlogs==15.0.1
    # via onnxruntime
contourpy==1.3.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
filelock==3.17.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
flatbuffers==25.1.24
    # via onnxruntime
fonttools==4.55.8
    # via matplotlib
fsspec==2025.2.0
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.20.2
    # via
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
humanfriendly==10.0
    # via coloredlogs
idna==3.10
    # via requests
imgbeddings==0.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-resources==6.5.2
    # via matplotlib
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.7
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.43.0
    # via
    #   numba
    #   pynndescent
matplotlib==3.9.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
narwhals==1.24.2
    # via plotly
networkx==3.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numba==0.60.0
    # via pynndescent
numpy==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   onnxruntime
    #   pandas
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
onnxruntime==1.19.2
    # via imgbeddings
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   matplotlib
    #   onnxruntime
    #   plotly
    #   transformers
pandas==2.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgbeddings
    #   matplotlib
plotly==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via onnxruntime
pynndescent==0.5.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2024.11.6
    # via transformers
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.5.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   imgbeddings
    #   pynndescent
scipy==1.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pynndescent
    #   scikit-learn
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sympy==1.13.1
    # via onnxruntime
threadpoolctl==3.5.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.21.0
    # via transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   imgbeddings
    #   transformers
transformers==4.48.2
    # via imgbeddings
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via huggingface-hub
tzdata==2025.1
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.3.0
    # via requests
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-resources
-r torchrequirements.txt
